Hey, everybody. Hey, Michael.
Hello.
Wonderful to be on this September 1st and do another podcast.
So, you ready?
I am so ready. Let's do it.
All right. Hello and welcome to...
Try again.
Where are we again? Is it the weekend?
I mean, we're messing this up. Come on, Brian. Let's do it.
It's a holiday.
It is.
Hello and welcome to Python Bytes,
where we deliver Python news and headlines directly to your earbuds.
This is episode 447, recorded September 1st, 2025.
And I'm Brian Okken.
And I'm Michael Kennedy.
And this episode is sponsored by DigitalOcean.
Thank you, DigitalOcean.
And you can get a $200 free credit, and there's a link in the show notes,
but we're going to talk about that more later in the episode.
Of course, follow us or send us info on the socials,
Bluesky, or Mastodon.
Links are in the show notes as well.
And if you'd like to listen, watch the show live,
head over to pythonbytes.fm/live.
And that's the link also if you just want to see it after the fact.
If you want to look at the video, look and see what we're looking at.
And finally, please sign up for our email newsletter list.
Go over to pythonbytes.fm and hit the newsletter link.
and we send you all the links that we talk about in every episode in an email
and a bunch of background information too.
All right, Michael, what are we starting with today?
You know, I'm afraid.
I'm really afraid, Brian.
I'm sorry, but I might be taking us down a rat hole.
I really might.
Oh, no.
I want to talk about Rattle, this tool.
So Rattle is a – you probably have heard of Ngrok.
right? Yeah. We've talked about it. Yeah, we've talked about it before and it's super useful.
One of the things that is a real big challenge a lot of times is I need to let somebody or
something access an API. Let me give you two really big examples that are useful for this.
One is webhooks. You want to do e-commerce or, but it doesn't really matter. Anything that has
to do with a webhook where you're on the receiving end, you're creating the webhook.
That's a public website or service that's going to call your webhook.
It needs a public page to access that.
Well, do you want to like try to open up all the different firewalls on your machine and
your NAT router and then map an IP address and then give that to that thing?
No, just don't do that.
But you need somewhere where you can type in a URL and say, here's my URL for the web hook when a signup happens or a thing, whatever, right?
Whatever the web hook's triggering.
Yeah.
So you need a public thing.
So with ingrock and Rathole and other tools, what you can do is you can say, create me based on this domain, basically an SSH tunnel or something to that equivalent that goes back into my machine.
So that then you can share that URL and basically say, I want that port to map over to my web app.
And you can literally run PyCharm, set a breakpoint, go to the external service, make it do a thing.
And then boom, you're debugging through and you're checking it out.
It's really, really nice.
So Incroc is great, but people may have noticed I'm on this self-hosting rattle itself, if you will.
So I don't know.
There's just something about Ngrok.
They've changed their services a bunch,
and I'm not super psyched about it.
So I'm like, well, what else is out there?
And Chad and I had a little conversation about it,
and we decided that this is one of the really nice high-parity features,
also written in Rust, more high-performance
than some of the other ones like FRP and Ngrok, it calls out.
Okay.
So what I did is I set this up onto my machine,
onto my server, the same one that runs Python bytes,
and just said, they just run the background.
And I've set up the certificates
so that I can just type rat hole with a port number.
You know, on my terminal, I just open up
and say rat hole like 3000, or let's say rat hole 5000.
And then I have a port, port map, URL map,
automatically over to like say any Flask app that I run.
How cool is that?
And it's completely self-hosted.
And here's the thing.
You might think, oh, self-hosted, all the stuff
you've got to deal with.
It's a single Rust binary that runs in Docker.
And let me see.
I'll give you up to the date stats if I can find them,
if it's not going to take too long.
Last time I checked, it was about three megabytes of memory usage.
What is the rat hole doing right now?
Oh my god, the rat hole is out of control.
It's up to 11 megabytes of memory usage.
on a 16 gigabyte machine.
I think it's going to be okay.
Isn't that cool though?
So it's just got like a Docker container
that I didn't even have to do any Docker stuff.
I just set up like a little compose file
to map all the settings over
so that I don't have to deal with like passing them
every time I run it, you know,
and just set it up as an auto start daemon.
But yeah, I just set that up and off it goes.
Cool.
No, so when you're not using it, do you turn it off,
or is it just always sort of running?
If it took a lot of memory or resources or something,
I would turn it off, but it's 11 megabytes.
Okay.
And so it's really low.
Let me give you a sense of other stuff that's running on the server.
So right now we have MongoDB, which is using 1.3 gigabytes.
We have Talk Python, which is using 927 megabytes, so a gigabyte.
What's Python bytes is running at 590 megabytes.
So, you know, like 11 out of these is like it doesn't even show up on the radar, right?
Like you couldn't even notice if it's running or not.
And so because of that, no, I just leave it running.
Okay.
And then like, but on your, okay, so it's running something on your server
and then something on your laptop also?
Yeah, so there's a command that you can run locally.
And I think I don't have it set up on my streaming computer.
I have it on my dev one.
So I can't look at it real quick,
but I'm pretty sure I just set it up to run the Docker image,
just sharing ports in the right way.
So I just do a Docker run command to say,
share that port to this port when I do the map command.
And so I don't even really have it installed.
But yeah, it's just a super small binary that runs.
Okay.
This sounds really neat.
I like it.
Yeah, it's a tiny bit of a pain to set up,
but it's not too bad.
All right.
Well, I want to shift gears completely.
I guess something else that sometimes is a pain, maybe.
I'm trying to do a transition here.
Let's talk about pre-commit.
So I know we've talked about pre-commit,
but I don't think we've brought it up lately.
And one of the things is I used to use it a ton,
and then I moved a lot of my tooling to CI
and don't run it as much anymore.
However, I'm going back to using it a lot.
So pre-commit, just as a reminder, it's a tool.
Well, there's this notion of pre-commit,
which is a pre-commit hook for Git,
so that whenever you commit something,
you can assign pre-commit hooks.
There's a project called pre-commit,
which is something that's written in Python,
but it allows you to easily set up a whole bunch of these pre-commit GitHub hooks.
So Python project and the hook thing.
Okay, so why am I bringing that in?
And you can do things like hook up linters,
and you can run tests and stuff,
but I generally don't do that as a pre-commit hook.
I'll do linters and other stuff like that.
I don't think I would ever set up tests as a pre-commit hook.
Because whatever you want to, I mean, I guess you'd say disable the hooks to check in the fix for the hook.
And they're slow.
And there's just a lot to it.
But yeah, I agree with the stuff.
Okay.
Yeah.
So one of the things is pre-commit doesn't by default have a official way to use uv.
It doesn't natively support uv.
And I, like a lot of people, are using uv to install stuff because it's just so fast.
Instead of pip install, I do a uv pip install.
So what we're talking about is an article from Adam Johnson talking about pre-commit install with uv.
And as he puts it, the installation guide for pre-commit isn't obvious.
It's not terrible, but it's not obvious how to get things set up.
But he's recommending using uv tool install pre-commit with pre-commit uv.
So this is another project called pre-commit-UV.
And this is a couple of things.
This is both an extra thing for pre-commit.
But yeah, I guess that's it.
It's a plug-in for pre-commit.
But so what you're getting with this is you're installed.
if you do uv tool install you're installing pre-commit uh with uv but then you're also
all the extra things so these extra tools like hooks for linters and all this sort of stuff
that gets installed with pre-commit with pip normally but this extra pre-commit uv will allow
it so that all of your tools are installed if they're python based tools get installed with uv
as well. So essentially just speeding up this whole tool chain. And if you switch around with
a bunch of projects, it makes sense to be able to update that stuff quickly and install it quickly.
So there we go. I love it. uv for the win. I'm actually talking with Charlie Marsh tomorrow,
but talking about pyx, the server side equivalent of uv. So that's cool. I'll be looking forward to
of that one.
Another thing that is pretty awesome
is our sponsor, DigitalOcean.
Absolutely.
Let me tell you about DigitalOcean.
Definitely a big fan of theirs.
And this episode is brought to you by DigitalOcean.
They're a comprehensive cloud infrastructure service
that's simple to spin up,
even for the most complex workload.
And it's a way better value than most cloud providers.
If you're using AWS, because everyone uses AWS, you might seriously consider using DigitalOcean.
It will save you so much money.
And you don't get deer in the headlights.
There's 300 services.
How do I put them together?
It's nice and simple and powerful.
So at DigitalOcean, companies can save up to 30% off their cloud bill.
DigitalOcean boasts 99.99% uptime SLA as an industry-leading pricing on bandwidth.
It's built to be the cloud backbone of businesses, small and large, and GPU-powered virtual machines
are available, plus storage, database, networking capabilities all in one platform.
So if you're doing AI, AI developers can confidently create apps that their users are going to love.
Devs have access to a complete set of infrastructure tools that they need for both training and inference so that they can build anything they dream up.
DigitalOcean provides full-service cloud infrastructure that's simple to use, reliable no matter what the use case, scalable to any size business, and affordable on a budget.
What does affordable mean?
VMs start at $4 a month.
$4.
This might be relevant to my next topic, actually, Brian.
And GPUs start under $1 an hour.
So you can easily spin up infrastructure built to simplify even the most intense business demands.
That's DigitalOcean.
If you're going to join, please use DO4bytes.
DO, the number 4 bytes.
You can get a $200 in free credit to get started.
That code is in our show notes.
You can definitely check it out there.
DigitalOcean is the cloud that's got you covered.
Please use our link with the offer.
You'll find it in the podcast player show notes.
It's a clickable chapter URL as you're hearing the segment.
And it's at the top of the episode page at pythonbytes.fm.
Thank you to DigitalOcean for supporting Python Bytes.
Love it.
Definitely love it.
Also, I love that Python 3.14 is going to come out here pretty soon.
I guess soon in the relative sense.
We had a couple months left, I guess.
It's almost Christmas for Python.
Python Christmas.
So I can't remember the timing.
We've done this a few years in a row on the yearly,
but I still don't remember.
But anyway, I'm already starting to use 3.14,
and I'm excited about it.
But one of the new things that's coming up with Python,
with the new one version,
is Funktools Placeholder.
And honestly, I saw something about it, and I was like, huh?
And so let's go look at it.
Is this when you just, I don't really want to write a function.
I'll just put a little functools placeholder on it.
No.
I thought of it as kind of a stand-in for the dot, dot, dot, or pass,
or whatever, when you just write a function.
And then I read it more, and I'm like, oh, no, this is something else.
Tell us about it.
So I am a fan of functools partial.
And again, it's a little obscure.
So, okay, a little rabbit hole or rat hole here.
So partial is a cool way to create a new function
by partially binding some parameters of another function.
So let's say you've got a function that takes like six parameters
and you want to have everybody use it,
but fill in the same thing for the four of the parameters.
You can fill those in with partial and return a function that only takes two parameters.
And then your users can, or the users of your API can use a cleaner interface with just a couple.
Now, it's so cool.
However, it's got some limitations that sometimes positional parameters, it works great for keywords, but for positional parameters, that's hard to decide which one to fill it in.
So it doesn't work on all functions.
Enter placeholder.
So placeholder is the ability to just say, this is where I want it to go.
And if I've got a partial, like if I want to pass print, like bind the print function,
I want the first two to be placeholder, and I want the last one to be world so that I can pass in hello, dear, and have that come out.
Okay, that seems a little trivial.
So I was still trying to get a good example.
And the good example came from Rodrigo from MathsPP.com.
And his example, which is perfect, is to remove punctuation with a function.
And he's got a little example.
I've got his Bluesky post to use placeholder and partial to use translate and make trans to fill in this partial thing
to create a partial function that removes punctuation.
And then you just have a function that you say,
hey, remove the punctuation from Hello World.
And it takes out the comma and the exclamation point.
Something like that is great
because this whole removing punctuation thing,
that comes up.
Or removing, you know, I've got,
I'm doing Markdown episodes for my podcast.
I'm converting to Markdown.
But the Hugo doesn't like colons in your title.
So you got to remove the colons.
that sort of thing.
This is great.
And then he also has an article to go with it,
how to use Functools placeholder,
where he kind of walks through basically
what I just talked about is partial is great,
but it doesn't always work.
So placeholder comes to the rescue.
So awesome write up about the new placeholder functionality.
So thanks, Rodrigo.
Interesting.
Yeah.
Thanks for helping me understand that a little better.
I don't use Functools.partial really very much.
So placeholder, which enhances that, doesn't give me a lot of clarity on it.
Oh, I use it a lot.
I mean, not a lot, a lot, but there's a lot of times where a built-in function does almost
everything I need, except for that I need to pass in a bunch of preset stuff.
And I want to expose that as an API.
And you can wrap it, but you can also just do a partial.
It's cool.
Yeah.
All right.
This was going to be a little extra.
Just a tiny thing I threw at the end.
- Okay.
- And then it grew and it grew and it grew
and it became more and more.
So let me, so here's the headline.
I converted the other night,
160 old blog posts from wordpress.com
Oh, okay, good.
Okay.
And this is something that has been absolutely driving me nuts for years.
I've had all these posts over on blog.michaelckennedy.net,
which is the domain I happened to be able to get at the time.
And they were on WordPress with this custom theme and so on.
And I was just done with WordPress.
Every time I went there, it was just like an antidote against writing.
Like I just don't want to write here.
Like why am I doing it?
Like, I would much rather write markdown and just have simple and clean code like my current website.
We've talked a lot about using Hugo.
Like, you use Hugo.
I use Hugo.
My mkennedy.code site is Hugo.
All right?
But how do I get stuff from WordPress.com over to Hugo?
Well, guess what?
There's an export feature in WordPress.
But if you have the paid WordPress account,
which is what you need to have your own domain
and not your username.wordpress.com,
there's different tiers.
Well, you have to pay the $200 version
to get the export feature turned on.
What?
Yes.
That's like multiple levels up.
I'm like, oh, these guys are holding my stuff hostage.
Screw them.
I'm just going to just put my last blog post over there
we've moved to this place.
Please join me there.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
I'm like, but then I got a renewal for 50 bucks or 48 bucks.
I really don't want to just keep paying for the rest of my life,
$48 to this thing, you know?
So I'm like, but it's just too much work to move it over.
Right.
Without an export, I could have paid that as well,
but then I'd still have to migrate it from HTML and WordPress export format
to, to markdown.
So I'm like, I don't really, but then I'm like, you know what?
Let me just fire up cursor and just say cursor over there.
I want this stuff.
I want it over here into Hugo.
And I showed it my, I like opened the Hugo page in cursor or the Hugo site in
cursor and I said, here's the URL, go get it.
And I said, I'm on it.
And within like five minutes, it had all the posts move over.
I'm like, this is amazing.
But it only based it off the RSS feed, which is totally reasonable.
But the WordPress site limits the amount of content in the RSS feed to 50, not all my posts.
I'm like, oh, where are they?
Rats.
I got some of them, but not all of them.
And so then I just said, hey, go back after it and give me, just start scraping the thing, right?
And so it just started web scraping the other pieces.
And I told it to download all the images, all those kind of things.
And it did it.
It took a couple iterations, like it downloaded the comments.
I'm like, no, I don't want the comments.
I'm sorry.
I should have told you no comments.
But eventually, it took it out.
And so now if you go to posts, I've got like 200 posts over here going back to 2006.
But like here, let me see if I can find one like this.
Let's just do something that I'll call.
This is definitely going to come up.
Let's search this.
Okay.
and I also put the domain I put the URL path so normally for all my real my real
posts I wrote on Hugo they're like /post/whatever but I put all the
archived ones in /post/r/whatever so that I can just look at oh that's an
archive post if for whatever reason okay now but if we go over here and search
you can see somewhere in here I'm sure that oh maybe it's if I search for that
and Kenny, oh gosh that's really bad. I'm about to search for something else. But if I find one
of these you'll see that this one's definitely gonna come up surely this is there's no way that
I can't remember why I wrote this article. Doesn't really matter. There we go. So notice it's a blog
michaelckennedy.net 2011-01-19.
You know, the date.
This is like WordPress style and then the name.
But if I hit it, boom, instantly mapped over.
So I even gave people in the show notes
the Nginx configuration to rewrite all of those things.
So now I'm just hosting my old domain
and I just have a really complicated
regular expression route match.
that then pulls off that little last piece
and then sticks it on slash post slash R slash slug.
Okay.
A little different technique, but okay.
Yeah.
Okay.
I'm interested to hear what you did,
but I got these all over there.
They're all integrated into the search engine.
So, like, if you hit NuGet or whatever, boom,
get all these old things.
I really don't care super tons about,
but, you know, I wrote it.
I don't want it to go away, right?
so a couple other noteworthy things
like I did not put this in
let me pull this up for a minute
there's
an article on Ars Technica
that just came out
this is one of the things that got me going
just like a couple days ago
it says blogging service type pad is shutting down
taking all content
from all users
from all time away with it
wow
There were a bunch of artists that I followed that used TypeAd for a long time.
Yeah.
And that's not good, is it?
If that was you.
And so this points out, like, if you don't have your own domain,
if I was, I don't really remember what my username was,
mkennedy.wordpress.com.
I don't think that's what it was.
But whatever it is, if that was what your domain was,
your content is gone and you have no choice whatsoever
if the server shuts down.
forever, right?
Because you can't remap that domain.
You don't own WordPress.com or typepad.com.
Right.
And I'm just, you know, looking around.
There's some other places that might want to,
oh, hold on, that didn't copy.
There's some other places
that might want to take that to heart.
For example, the PSF.
Blogspot, I know.
It's pyfound.blogspot.com.
I know we have some people
who are full-time employees
making an amazing impact at the PSF.
We have Luca Schlinger,
developer in residence,
South Michael Larson,
Mike Fiedler.
There's an opportunity for somebody to go,
let's get our own custom domain here
and just leave it on Blogspot.
But if for some reason,
Blogspot shuts down just like TypePad did,
it's going to be quite the bad time.
So anyway,
yeah what else do I have to add to this um nothing I don't have anything to add I just think
if you feel like your stuff has been out there trapped and been hostage you can not only get it
out but you can really carefully decide like I want it to appear my new setup exactly like this
like I want it under slash r for archived and also if you go to my rss feed the older posts don't
show up in RSS, but the newer ones do.
Because I don't want people to just go, whoa, where did 160
new posts come from, and why are they 10 years
old?
You know what I mean?
So I think there's a lot of flexibility here.
And it used to be like it was not worth it.
But if you just fire up an agentic AI and let it go on it,
it might be worth it.
Because it's not that.
I think I wrote down in the notes, it took me three to four
hours to do this.
And to me, that felt like, OK, my content has been held hostage
by wordpress.com and i finally you know i sent in like seal team six and we got it out without
actually paying the ransom sort of it's kind of how i feel about it anyway what did you do for
yours because you moved yours around as well right yeah um so i let me um i'll pop over and show you
are we into extras now i guess we'll just we are into extras i'm done with this topic anyway how's
that okay well um i'll i'll show you at least um this uh this little bit so over at python test.com
so not that one um i have a under the extras i got test and code archive so i took i'm i did an
archive of all of all of testing code 200 and i'm missing episode one so it's 237 episodes
off by one error i kind of like that anyway um so uh in each of these is of course there it's
a markdown file um and uh the how to how to get all this so this is this is like um the same
similar similar url if i were the old testing code is still up and if i go to to that episode
that so long it's saying episodes so long and thanks for all the fish that's there and then over
it um uh at the archive it's this sort of sort of the same url um for for that episodes but if i
want to redirect it um like if somebody just types in 237 or 238 that's supposed to work also so i've
I've got it set up to do that.
I think 238 works.
And also, even if they just go to the top level of that,
I think that works.
And that's done with aliases.
So I didn't do it.
I did it with Markdown or Hugo aliases.
I didn't do it with something else.
And then eventually, probably next week,
I'm going to redirect the top-level testing code
to the archive page.
Yeah.
What are the archive pages?
This top-level pythontest.com slash testing code.
Yeah, perfect.
And then anything after that will just redirect to wherever.
So that's how I'm doing that.
Yeah, that's really cool.
I didn't do the people thing yet, and I don't know if I will.
So I had like all of the different people had their own little page.
But there's not much there other than social links and stuff.
So I might just do that.
So anyway.
Yeah, that's what it worked.
But I also had, I almost had it working,
but I had a hard time finding all of these original links
because the feed XML that I downloaded was incorrect.
And I popped open Copilot with using Claude Sonnet 4 or something like that
and said, hey, I'm trying to import this.
Can I get you write a Python script to grab all the links?
And it said, oh, I'm trying to, but the XML is corrupted.
But it worked around it and did it anyway with just parsing the file,
which was kind of ugly.
But I'm like, hey, I just need to get this done in like five minutes.
Yeah.
You don't ever need to keep that code.
Once it's done, it's done.
Yeah.
A lot of people will say things like, oh, I can't believe you would use AI for this.
You know those things make up stuff and whatever.
And it's like when it wrote the program,
it's either going to migrate it over successfully or not.
You can look at the article and see is the content there
Is it all out of whack or does it look fine?
And if it's fine, who cares?
There's no tech debt.
There's none of that because I'm never going to run that again.
I literally remapped the DNS and it's gone.
I deleted my paid account and it's gone.
And I needed to update like 237 Markdown files.
And I just, I'm probably going to,
if I have to make modifications to them later, I'll do it one off.
Like I'll just do a search and replace for everything.
And which that's what I did also.
So I had these like link to the episode archive and also the feed URL.
I'm like, oh, I should have added those in.
Well, I just did a search and replace on all the files and did that.
I didn't ask Claude to do that for me.
But so there's all sorts of fun stuff.
And thanks to DigitalOcean, the new episodes are hosted.
Sorry about that.
The new episodes are hosted on DigitalOcean Spaces.
Oh, is that where you put them?
Yeah, I have a ton of stuff hosted on DigitalOcean Spaces.
And anytime you see something like blobs.pythonbytes.fm,
that's DigitalOcean Spaces as well.
So that went down from like, what, 20 bucks a month,
which isn't terrible that I was paying before,
down to a whopping $5 a month with DigitalOcean Spaces.
So that's great.
And you have the freedom.
Now it's in Hugo.
You can do whatever you want.
Exactly.
All right.
So that was one of my extras was,
hey, the testing code is finally archived over.
Yeah, I'm glad you decided to keep that around.
That's a ton of work, and having that around for historical reasons is good.
And I probably am going to do, to get off Transistor altogether,
Python people.
I got to do pythonpeople.fm, but I don't remember how many.
Oops.
Python people.
It's like, what, 14 episodes.
I could do that by hand if I had to.
so that's not going to be bad
okay the other extra that I wanted to talk about
was just a really fun thing
that Seth Larson brought up
so Seth Larson put a
post up for SMS
URLs and he said did you know
that you can like the mail to
URL you can do SMS
and if
I'm not going to click on this because it won't do anything
on my
laptop I don't think
it's also Hollywood
it no yeah um but if you do it on your phone um it'll just it'll open up an sm like a it'll open
up your sms app your uh text messaging app and fill it in with hello world which is cool so this
whole fill in thing why is this neat well that so this is it's fun anyway it's just fun for one but
also um uh wouldn't it be cool if you could just type in one of the things you can do with urls is
you can create QR codes.
So Seth also wrote this draft and SMS message
from any computer keyboard
because you can just go to a computer
and type stuff in here
and it generates a QR code.
And the fun thing is,
is as you're typing,
the QR changes.
That is wild.
I love it.
Yeah.
Watch this.
So if you take like a bunch of lorem ipsum
and drop it in there,
you get like this.
look at that dense qr code oh gosh you need a high-res print out of that
yeah but then so what you do is you just point your so you you don't even have to have sms you
could anywhere you can be at a work computer and even just type this in it doesn't save it
anywhere and then you just um uh snap the qr code with your phone and it opens up your um your text
messages so um it's pretty fun yeah uh i just thought that was neat also uh i still use lauram
ipsum all the time so shout out to lauramipsum.com for stuff anyway yeah i prefer the um the hipster
ipsum hipster ipsum have you seen it oh i don't know hipster ipsum me um yeah hit it give that give
that a little bit of a read.
Oh, yeah.
I'm baby post-ironic green juice
cornhole. Normcore,
actually. Heirloom beard
quinoa cronut.
Put a bird on it, mutt.
Put a bird on it, man.
Bun. Oh, this is good.
Yeah. I'll have to do this.
I don't know. I just get tired
of looking at Lauren Mipson all the time. I'm like,
let's just throw some
cupping kinfolk.
Butcher next level plus one waistcoat
Venmo same Franzen
microdosing
Farmed a table
Vaporware
Yeah this is good
It's pretty good yeah but same basic ideas
8-bit literally
Yeah
Nice
No that's my extras
But we've got one big extra
oh yeah we do this is the big one
so the
Python the documentary
an origin story is out
and it's a one hour 24
minute
highly produced very entertaining
documentary
with
many friends of the show people have been on
your other shows Brian
like your Python people a lot of them
are here right
yeah
Same for Talk Python as well.
And I am really looking forward to watching this.
It came out a couple days ago, and I'm like, oh, I could watch it.
But I actually think what would be really fun,
I would love to just hear your first impression of this.
I think it would be fun to do a group watch through
and set up some kind of chat, like a Discord chat or something,
for whoever wants to watch it all together and hasn't seen it yet.
I think that would be kind of cool and just have a chat going in parallel
to watching it, something like that.
So kind of like people do with keynotes every now and then and so on.
So I don't know.
I'm contemplating the logistics of that.
If I can come up with a good idea on the next day or two, then I'll do that.
Otherwise, I'll just watch it.
Well, I mean, when it first came out, they did like a chat thing.
Yeah, it came out as a premiere, I believe, and you can see the chat replay.
But how many people who would want to watch this actually watched it during its premiere?
You know, probably not that many.
yeah so i just got rid of my inflatable screen too we could have done it in like a cul-de-sac
or something oh you had one of those big oh that's awesome yeah during the pandemic we had like this
what 20 foot 23 foot screen or something like that um so yeah that's actually a really good idea
we didn't have that well you suck i guess i don't know actually um we have a covered outdoor area
in the back now and I ended up, long story, ended up with an extra 50 inch flat screen TV
and bought it for my dad and it turns out he didn't need it anymore. So I got it back. I'm
like, what am I going to do this? I'm like, we're sticking this outside. So we've got a little,
little area, but it's not a 20 foot screen. Like that's, that's the next level business right there.
I don't remember how big it was. It was probably that big, big inflatable thing.
It's bigger than a regular TV. That's awesome. Anyway, if I recommend people watch this,
We talked about the trailer when it came out, and it was really good, wasn't it?
Yeah.
So I was hoping to get this watched before we recorded.
Did you happen to watch any of this?
No.
I'm trying.
I'm just like, I'm delaying it because I want to try to figure out something fun for a group.
That'd be fun.
Cool.
Now I don't feel bad about not watching it yet.
I watched like a few minutes, and I was like, oh, it's an hour and a half.
I'm going to have to set aside some time to do this.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And looking up, I think I've got like,
you probably have all of these interviews on Talk Python.
I think I've got half of the people shown on the opening screen.
Yeah, there's maybe eight or nine people.
I think almost everyone.
I think there's one person I don't necessarily recognize
through the little thin slice.
But yeah, I would say other than that,
yeah, everyone's been on the show.
That's cool.
Cool.
Well, cool.
Can't wait to watch it.
All right.
Are you ready to laugh?
Yeah.
Let the hilarity ensue.
We'll see.
I can't remember what I came up with.
Oh, yeah.
So this one is like a Jedi.
Think.
I want to just put you in the mindset before we get to it.
Okay, Brian?
Okay.
You're on Tatooine.
You've been told of this Obi-Wan Kenobi who you must find.
You know the old wizard man out past the cantina.
So it says, the joke is, it has Obi-Wan, Obi-Wan Kenobi, and it says, when you read some incredibly bad code thinking, what moron wrote this?
But halfway through, it starts to become familiar.
Well, of course I know him.
He is me.
Yeah.
Do you know this Obi-Wan?
Yes, of course I know him.
Do you know the bad wizard who wrote the bad code?
Of course I know him.
He is me.
Yeah.
Actually, yeah.
it's usually that i really love it when it's not me but it's usually me i'm the problem pull up
get blamed because you're like i'm gonna oh no oh no yeah i really like that yeah it's it's
addictive but i i like have i have blame on every line turned on vs code so that whatever whatever
i'm working on i'm like who did this oh yeah yeah yeah it's kind of nice it's kind of nice but i'm
It's also just the last person that touched that line as well.
So sometimes it's me, even if I didn't write the logic.
Right.
It could be something so simple as you ran Ruff format
and then committed the change.
Yeah, exactly.
Now it's yours, yeah.
All right.
Anyway, of course I know him.
He is me.
Of course I know him.
All right.
Cool.
Well, wonderful episode again.
Thanks, everybody, for showing up and listening.
We'll talk to you next week.
Bye-bye.
Bye.